docs(fx113-relnote): add "prefers-reduced-transparency" to experimental feature list (#26632)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### prefers-reduced-transparency media feature

> The CSS [`prefers-reduced-transparency`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-reduced-transparency) media feature lets you detect if a user has enabled the setting to reduce transparency on their device.

Reviewer: Minor one:
```suggestion
The CSS [`prefers-reduced-transparency`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-reduced-transparency) media feature lets you detect if a user has enabled the setting to minimize the amount of transparent or translucent layer effects on their device.
```

Author: Looks good 👍
